Add entries (#342)
vim-jp/vim-jp.github.io: _posts/blog/2019-08-16-vimconf2019-sessions-en.md

---
layout: blog
category: blog
title: "VimConf 2019 talk abstracts are available"
---

> VimConf 2019 will be hald on this year.

Author: too

We VimConf staff have been working for the day.

> Now, the abstracts except for keynote speakers are available at the link below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, the talk abstracts except for keynote speakers are available at the link below.
```

[VimConf 2019 - Sessions](https://vimconf.org/2019/#menu-time-table)

> It was hard to select proposals. We talked about proposals until midnight and discussed until everyone agreed. As a result, we expect that it will be great session. If you don't have a ticket yet, please get Standard Ticket.

Author: It was hard to select talks from proposals.

> It was hard to select talks from proposals. We talked about proposals until midnight and discussed until everyone agreed. As a result, we expect that it will be great session. If you don't have a ticket yet, please get Standard Ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was hard to select talks from proposals. We talked about proposals until midnight and discussed until everyone agreed. We hope everyone enjoy them very much!

If you don't have a ticket yet, please get a Standard Ticket.
```
